---
title:        "Attention Convention"
date:         "2010"
download:     "/downloads/games/attentionconvention_100131.zip"
contributors: 
  - "Mike Daly"
thumbnail:    "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention_thumb.png"
images: 
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention1.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention2.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention3.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention4.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention5.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention6.png"
  - "/images/games/attentionconvention/attentionconvention7.png"
summary: "Multiplayer deception game made for the 2010 Global Game Jam"
---
Attention Convention is a game I created in 48 hours for the 2010 "Global Game Jam":http://www.globalgamejam.com. The theme for the jam was to make a game that centered around the concept of DECEPTION and our regional constraint was that the game had to include one of the following things; a SET, a NET, or a PET.

The concept that I came up with was a multiplayer game where one player was trying to help a group of underage dudes sneak past security into an adults-only convention and the other player tries to pick the dudes out of a crowd. The first player can purchase changes to their appearance that make them harder to pick out of the crowd, at the cost of risking not bringing enough money into the convention. The second player can net anyone he wants, but netting legal attendees makes the first player have to bring less money to the convention to win.

My hope is that the first player faces a tough decision to balace spending money to help sneak in and getting more money into the event, as well as guessing what features that the second player will find most distinguising about a dude so he can change it. I hope that the second player has a quick reflexes game of memorization and pattern recognition - there isn't much psychology involved on the second player's part.

I didn't actually work with a group on this one, which is unusual for a Game Jam. The Jam got snowed out so everyone had to work remotely and I was trying to help other people while the concept discussion and group formation occurred. One unfortunate side effect of this is that I didn't actually play the game against anyone else before completing it.

Anyway, here are some fun facts:

* Approximate actual development time: about 16 hours
* Approximate lines of code written: 1169
* Approximate lines of XML written: 79
* Occurances of &quot;dude&quot; in the code: 218
* Approximate Inches of snow: 7
