---
title:        "Brixplorer"
date:         "2010"
download:     "/downloads/games/brixplorer_110116.zip"
contributors: 
  - "Mike Daly"
  - " Michael Lee"
  - " Brian Sowers"
thumbnail:    "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer_thumb.png"
images: 
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer1.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer2.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer3.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer4.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer5.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer6.png"
  - "/images/games/brixplorer/brixplorer7.png"
summary: "A roguelike where you manipulate the dungeon itself rather than fight"
---
Brixplorer was made for the 4th annual "Triangle Game Jam":http://www.trianglegamejam.com. The theme of the jam was &quot;placing blocks&quot; and I decided to try making a roguelike where the random dungeons were filled with monsters and traps, but the main character could not fight. Instead, the player can actually pick up dungeon tiles in their inventory then place them elsewhere.

We got some generic roguelike tiles and sprites from the net, but unfortunately could not determine who the original creator was so it's hard to give credit.

This was definately a great experience for me. The team worked together really well and I feel like we got a ton accomplished. For a one weekend effort, this is one of the most complete game jam games I've worked on. It could stand a little more polish, but I'm generally very pleased with what we got done. It feels reasonably roguelike and has a decent challenge.

The game was designed to be played with an Xbox 360 controller. You can play it with keyboard too. Here are the controls:

* Face direction: Left Analog
* Move Direction: Left Trigger + Left Analog
* Move (keyboard): Arrow Keys or Home/End/PgUp/PgDn
* Face Direction (Keyboard): Shift + Arrow Keys or Home/End/PgUp/PgDn
* Pick Up Block: A
* Destroy Block: B
* Place Block from Inventory: X
* Select Inventory Slot: Right/Left Bumper
* Select Inventory Slot (Keyboard): Left/Right Control

h3. Requirements:

* Shader Model 2.0+ capable graphics hardware
* "Microsoft XNA Framework Redistributable 3.1":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=53867a2a-e249-4560-8011-98eb3e799ef2&displaylang=en
* ".NET Framework Version 2.0 Redistributable Package (x86)":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=0856eacb-4362-4b0d-8edd-aab15c5e04f5
* "DirectX 9.0c Redistributable":http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=56513&clcid=0x409



