---
title:        "Connexus"
date:         "2008"
download:     "/downloads/games/connexus_090118.zip"
contributors: 
  - "Mike Daly"
thumbnail:    "/images/games/connexus/connexus_thumb.jpg"
images: 
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus1mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus2mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus4mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus6mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus8mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus10mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus11mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus12mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/connexus/connexus13mid.jpg"
summary: "A turn-based multiplayer strategy board game."
---
Connexus is a multiplayer board game for PC. The rules are fairly simple:

* Take turns placing a randomly assigned connector piece on the board
* Pieces placed adjacent to the power core in the center become powered
* Pieces placed adjacent to powered pieces of the same player also become powered
* If a powered piece is adjacent to a node, it gives the player that provides power a point
* Pieces cannot overlap
* Whoever has the most points when everyone agrees the game is over wins

Although the rules are simple, there is a lot of emergent strategy. Players must strike a careful balance between getting points and placing pieces to prevent your opponents from getting points. You may choose to focus on building a border of pieces that blocks off an entire portion of the board, or to focus on breaking through the borders of your opponents.

It supports 1-4 players. There is a set of single player stages against AI opponents.

Connexus was originally one of the game modules that was designed for "Beautiful Pixels":/games/beautifulpixels. After playing the game with a few friends I realized that it had some potential. Soon after I attended GDC 08 and went to the Independent Games Festival which was really inspiring. These things made me decide to try making it a standalone game that was nicely polished. I submitted it to the IGF but it was not nominated as a finalist for any categories.

h3. Requirements:

* Shader Model 2.0+ capable graphics hardware
* "Microsoft XNA Framework Redistributable 2.0":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?FamilyID=15fb9169-4a25-4dca-bf40-9c497568f102&displaylang=en
* ".NET Framework Version 2.0 Redistributable Package (x86)":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=0856eacb-4362-4b0d-8edd-aab15c5e04f5
* "DirectX 9.0c Redistributable":http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=56513&clcid=0x409




"YouTube Video":http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQDtlvLg5HY
