---
title:        "Karma Riot v2"
date:         "2010"
download:     "/downloads/games/karmariot_100712.zip"
contributors: 
  - "Mike Daly"
  - " Paul Spychala"
thumbnail:    "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotv2_thumb.png"
images: 
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta1.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta2.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta3.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta4.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta5.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta6.png"
  - "/images/games/karmariotv2/karmariotbeta7.png"
summary: "An old school Kart racing game with a few twists, phase 2"
---
Karma Riot is a multiplayer Kart Racing game heavily inspired by Super Mario Kart for the SNES. I spent the last quarter of 2009 working on a prototype for the game, which can be found here: "Karma Riot phase 1":/games/karmariot.

The "phase 1":/games/karmariot page has a description of the game's design intentions so I'll just briefly summarize here. Karma Riot is like Mario Kart in that every player has a chance to catch up, but instead of doing so via random gifts, they do so using simple skill-based maneuvers. There are no random items in Karma Riot.

The game requires a 360 controller for each player. There is a capable AI driver as well. The controls are:

* Right Trigger: Gas
* Left Trigger: Brake
* Left Thumbstick: Steer
* A: Shield
* X: Bump Left
* B: Bump Right
* Y: Fireball

h3. Requirements:

* One or more Wired Xbox 360 controllers
* Shader Model 2.0+ capable graphics hardware
* "Microsoft XNA Framework Redistributable 3.1":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=53867a2a-e249-4560-8011-98eb3e799ef2&displaylang=en
* ".NET Framework Version 2.0 Redistributable Package (x86)":http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=0856eacb-4362-4b0d-8edd-aab15c5e04f5
* "DirectX 9.0c Redistributable":http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=56513&clcid=0x409



