---
title:        "Sunburn"
date:         "2003"
download:     ""
contributors: 
  - "Mike Daly"
  - " Kevin Vaughan"
thumbnail:    "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn_thumb.jpg"
images: 
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn1mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn2mid.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn3.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn4.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn5.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn6.jpg"
  - "/images/games/sunburn/sunburn7.jpg"
summary: "An educational UT 2003 mod funded by the EPA."
---
Sunburn was a Unreal Tournament 2003 mod that was intended as an educational game for teaching people about the dangers of sun exposure. You played as a lifeguard who had to run back and forth across a stretch of sunny beach shooting people with globs of sunblock or throwing out umbrellas over top of them. It had some simple obstacles too like the giant crab that would randomly move your umbrellas around and you had to keep going back to the sunblock hut to refill.

The game was actually funded by the EPA so it was my part time job over the summer of 2003. There were two people working on it; Kevin Vaughan (Co-founder of the NCSU Game Developer's Club) did all of the coding, and I did all of the art.

This was a terrible, terrible game. It was not fun or educational at all. On the bright side, I got paid to learn more about Max, Photoshop, and UnrealEd, so that's good. It was definately good experience to try modeling, texturing, and rigging my own 3d characters.
