---
layout: post
title:  "I feel strange"
date:   2002-12-16 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I am sitting in my chair(s) night now baffled at my current state of emotion. Follow me, and together perhaps we can determine it's meaning.

 It's very hard to describe how I feel, it's like there is something missing. Not in a bad way, though, like my nose finally cleared after being stuffy and clogged for months. Indeed a gigantic, sloppy metaphorical bugar has been removed from my mind, for it to flow peacefully to wherever it pleases. My mind is often blank as I am prone to staring off into space and daydreaming, but always in the back of my mind I am constantly weighed and haunted by long-term worries, stresses, and responsibilities. Now my current thought rests on the very mystery that we are discussing, and the back of my mind is absolutely blank. It is a feeling so alien that at first I was not sure quite what to make of it.

 At first, I mistook it for boredom, that I had simply misplaced my worries, and if I didn't find them quick they would come back to haunt me. But upon further reflection, although I am doing nothing and desire to do nothing, I am not bored. I am satisfied by doing nothing. I have nothing to do anyway. Now that I think of it, this feeling is bliss, I am happy without having to do anything. I don't have to think happy thoughts or see happy things, I just am.

 Why do I feel this way? I think it is because I have just struggled through one of the most miserable semesters of my college career, and it is now completely gone from my life. Time has finally freed me from the chains of responsibility that bound me to the misery devices I have had to endure. I feel so free. I think I am, more than ever, looking forward to going home to my family, and that is all I have left to do.