---
layout: posts
title:  "Man, I'm not being too clever today"
date:   2003-05-27 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I was late for work, I sat around and barely accomplished anything the rest of the day, and now I can't think of a title for my post. What a dull day, but I guess everyone has them, so I'd best get relevant or Wayne will whine my ear off about making meaningless posts.

 First and foremost, Wayne and I did a little revamping of the "messageboards":topics.php today. Now, each post is accompanied by an icon. They are pretty cool, I think. Everyone should go post some stuff so you can see them, won't it be fun?

 Wayne doesn't consider that enough content to warrant posting, so to avoid abuse, I suppose I have to put up something else. I wasn't intending on ever releasing this piece of music I wrote, but I guess I don't have much else up my sleeve, so enjoy it while you can. I present "Ios Final Battle":filespace/willow/iosfinal.mp3.

 I wrote that back in my junior year in high school, it was one of the first pieces I ever made. Hope you like it. If you do actually like it, or even don't like it, let "me":mailto:willow@duelingmonkeys.com know. I'd appreciate it.

 Hopefully I'm going to be learning illustrator soon. I've designed up 3 new characters (not for the website) and I'm going to ink and color them with vectors so that I have the option of making them into posters.

 Right that's all. Sorry about not doing any decent art or writing recently, but I've just got other things on my plate. Please come back anyway.

 Pretty please?