---
layout: posts
title:  "Oops"
date:   2003-03-22 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I think I may have accidentally forgotten to fall asleep again last night. Why do I do this? I am an idiot. In the meantime, I was playing through the demos to Enclave and Dungeon Siege.

 Enclave is a beautiful game. It boasts some very impressive production values: it's graphics, sound, and attitude are all right. Right from the beginning, even the menus draw you into it and make you excited to start playing. Then you actually start playing, and immediately decide that you don't want to anymore. I played through the demo, so I bring back warning: the gameplay is completely shallow, loose, and frustrating. Basically, you explore the level, frequently encountering enemies. When you encounter an enemy, you and it basically just run around in strange arcane patters missing each other profusely until one accidentally kills the other. You see all these numbers fly up to indicate damage, but they are easy to miss, and it doesn't really matter anyway.

 Dungeon Siege is much less refined in the graphics, sound, and general production the Enclave excels at, but it has it where it counts. Diablo proved that a game where all you do is click on objects (be they enemies, barrels, ect) then those objects explode and reveal random treasure is actually a very addicting gameplay idea. Diablo 2 proved that even if you make a terribly boring tedious repeat of an existing game, it is still fun. Dungeon Siege proves that Microsoft has the ability to clone any gameplay idea they want.

 In cooking news, I am generally afraid of leftovers. I don't really even enjoy eating them unless they are cookies or krispy kreme. When I realized that I forgot to eat lunch and dinner yesterday because I was too busy forgetting to go to sleep, I decided to heat up my Sierra club from the panera. I didn't really like the sierra club when I first had it this weekend, but after 45 seconds in the microwave, it turned out to be several fold as good as the original. I am almost considering adding a &quot;leftover sierra club&quot; entry to the cooking section just to annoy Wayne.

 Oh yeah, I almost forgot: I did a new piece of art while I wasn't sleeping earlier this week. You can marvel at my latest masterpiece "right here":/classic/images/gallery/art/halflingfighter.jpg. Feel free to give "feedback":feedback.php