---
layout: posts
title:  "And the award goes to ..."
date:   2003-09-18 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Wastrel. Congratulations, on your remembering to post today. More specifically, forgetting to post today within five minutes of when you said you would. It takes a lot.

 _*Wastrel breaks in:*_
 To my defense Willow is a poop head. So there!!! =P
Well I did kind of forget, but what I really forgot was the site to actually put the post up. Although it is quite simple, its the simple things in life that we take for granted (i.e. FORGET). And therefore your beloved post comes in a whopping 13 hours late (although technically I would have posted at 3am so therefore only 10 hours late).
 _Now enough excuses back to Willows lame post! ---&gt;_

 On the bright side, at least any peoples out there are learning a little more about your personality.

 In conclusion, I like Smash Brothers, and I'm pretty good at it too. We should have some sort of tournament.

 "visithomestarrunner":http://www.homestarrunner.com

 _Wastrel Saves the Day yet again_
 To add some actually content to this post and have some cool stuff for you guys I found some pictures up from the ice storm that were in bad format and now are good and visible under the "miscellaneous":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/galleries.php?section=miscellaneous section (_I could have posted each pic, but sorry thats where my 'personality/identity/name/insert your slash word here' comes in_).

 On another note about a month ago we three monkeys went to the lake, celebrating both Willow's Birthday and Labor Day, while Wayne was down in South Carolina, and some of the resulting movies are quite "funny":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/filespace/wastrel/Opening_a_Birthday_present.mov, "neat":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/filespace/wastrel/Willow_Kneeboarding_Jump.mov, and "cool":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/filespace/wastrel/Willow_Barrel_Roll.mov. Also here is me and Willow trying to Land on the tube. If you average our tries we would have definetly succeeded. But Willow went too "far":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/filespace/wastrel/Willow_TubeFlip.mov and I came up a little "short":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/filespace/wastrel/Wastrel_TubeFlip.mov!.

 So enjoy your weekends, signing off
_-Wastrel Monkey_