---
layout: posts
title:  "Its just one of those days"
date:   2003-09-09 20:00:00
author: "Wastrel"
avatar: "wastrel_calm"
---
Look in the sky... its a bird... its a plane.... wait acutally there's nothing there just some clouds (maybe). That's right turn your head down, a little to the left, and back up... yeah.. ummm that's it! There on a couch, or laying in a field, or maybe on a sofa... sitting doing nothing and looking like a bum. Yeap that's right its Wastrel Monkey!!! _(Applausometer shoots off the scale)_

Cuz well I'm not superman and I'm a wastrel, seriously, this means you will have to deal with this update being unorganized and well contentless. But then again I learned from the master himself Willow and therefore you are all (that's right count it three of you _I know I'm giving us way too much credit here_) already used to it. This is why I am doing this update instead of homework and staying up 'till the wee (that's right wee) hours of the morning for nothing getting no sleep. Did I already mention I learned from the best. So yes..._Uh oh here he starts again...._"&quot;Sounds like someone has a case of the Mondays!&quot;":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/classic/filespace/willow/mondays.wav

So the point of this post is to say I just watched Office Space for the umptillienth time, and it was *GREAT*!! It has been a while since I enjoyed this movie to this extreme. I declare it should receive an all-time great award, something like a lifetime achievement award. Movies with this award will for sure be on the top of the movie exchange list. In the meantime I suggest you guys check out a "site":http://www.bullshitjob.com/officespace/ to fullfill the void and add some 'flair' to your hump day.

Peace out,
