---
layout: post
title:  "New Projects"
date:   2003-07-20 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
We have decided to start a couple of new projects here lately.

 Number 1: A mod for UT 2003 We can't tell you much about this mod right now because we're still early in the planning stages, but here's the gist of it so far...

 So you're this guy who's dreaming and he's on some quest in this dream but its not like real life at all. It's going to be wierd. There are "giant mushrooms":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/modeling/shroom1.jpg to jump around on and giant trees with those big flappy fungus things that grow around the trunk so you can climb and stuff. Here are a couple more screenshots of the mushroom we threw in a UT level. See a view from "atop":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/modeling/shroom2.jpg the mushroom (with the rocket launcher in hand, of course) and "underneath it":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/modeling/shroom3.jpg with a bot running around to give an idea of how giant they actually are.

 Number 2: Top Secret I can't say anything about this project except that we think it will be really funny and will probably inevitably attract more hits than we could ever afford.

 I guess thats it. Oh well, its a lot more than most college students do in the summer.

 If you get hungry sometime in the near future try out the "Steak Stir Fry":cooking.php?view=specific&item=29 or the "Hawaiian":cooking.php?view=specific&item=30 Chicken. Both we're pretty good and a lot less greasy than the Gumby's Pizza we had tonight.

 See you Wednesday, and the Cookie contest ends Wednesday too! (around midnight Tues night / Wed Morning)