---
layout: posts
title:  "The Answer"
date:   2003-06-08 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Most of the time, I am bothered by myself when I go a day without accomplishing something tangable. Today in my boredom, I decided to learn about hypnosis. While practicing self-hypnosis, I was very relaxed and began to think about things with a clear mind.

 This inspired me to basically spend the day in meditation. Towards then end of my meditation, I decided to write my thoughts down so that I would not forget them, and so I have spend the past 4 hours organizing my thoughts onto paper. The result certainly wouldn't be classified as a rant, but doesn't fit any better into our other categories, and was too long to put in the actual post, so you can find it over in the "rants":otc.php?view=rant section of "our two cents":otc.php. Without further wordiness, I give you "The answer":otc.php?view=specific&item=32, a short story by me.

 Even if I hadn't written it down, I would still consider today one of the most productive of my life.

 On a lighter note, a couple days ago, I transfered another character to illustrator. Now you can see "the scientist":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/art/scientist.jpg, a mascot character for a video game club I'm working on founding.

 Hope you enjoy my story, if you have anything to say, don't hesitate to share your thoughts on "the messageboard":topics.php, I garuntee that Wayne and I will both read them, and probably respond.

 &#42;Update!&#42; Reading over my story this morning, I realized that when cutting and pasting my story to the database, I left out a crucial paragraph. The difference if you have already read it is my final question to my subconscious, it is now what it is supposed to be and the story makes a little more sense.