---
layout: post
title:  "New Server"
date:   2003-08-25 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
The server will be down for the labor day weekend as we are moving to a new deal. I don't really feel like spending my labor day vacation doing computer crap, so don't expect anything up in a timely fashion. Maybe Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. There won't be any more updates or site additions until then. When the site is back up and running, everything from before this post will be back exactly as it is now (hopefully).

 Sorry for the inconvienence, but I seriously doubt there will be many visitors over the weekend anyway. We'll have more bandwidth, more hard drive space, and more control over what stuff can be done. It's a good move for us.

 Until we get it fixed, I'll leave you with this:

 _Swing in this tree
 Oh I am bounce around so well
 Branch to branch,
 limb to limb you see
 All in a day's dream
 I'm stuck
 Like the other monkeys here
 I am a humble monkey
 Sitting up in here again
 But then came the day
 I climbed out of these safe limbs
 Ventured away
 Walking tall, head high up and singing
 I went to the city
 Car horns, corners and the gritty
 Now I am the proudest monkey you've ever seen
 Monkey see, monkey do


 Then comes the day
 Staring at myself I turn to question me
 I wonder do I want the simple, simple life that I once lived in well
 Oh things were quiet then
 In a way they were the better days
 But now I am the proudest monkey you've ever seen
 Monkey see, monkey do
 Monkey see, monkey do
_