---
layout: post
title:  "the internet makes you stupid"
date:   2003-01-29 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Well, it's 6:37 am right now and I haven't really gotten any sleep, but I'm not really tired. This sort of unfortunate scenario happens when I have a) homework and b) anything at all else to do (including but not limited to staring at the wall, and watching the carpet peel). This means that I will do ANYTHING else short of inflicting massive self injury to put off doing homework. This could be a good thing because it might motivate me to draw or play with my nifty computer programs like photoshop or 3d studio max, but in this case it hasn't. Especially no thanks to Jake, I came across "some crazy site":http://www.homestarrunner.com that has a bunch of flash stuff to watch. I especially enjoyed the e-mail section. Additionally, I recently came across "another crazy site":http://www.ninjai.com! Which also has cool flash stuffs. I said that I would work more on stuff that I could post online, but I suck, so I haven't. I guess instead, I can post up a picture I did like 1000 years ago (well 3 years ago if you are carbon-dating (no, wait carbon dating is innacurate at small time intervals fool!), I mean computer dating websites (no fool! you are making it worse!), I mean I don't have ANY dates! (doh! bad Mike... I mean Willow! damn damn), i mean ... 3 ... years)

 Yeah so anyway... "Here":images/gallery/modeling/evilrobo.jpg it is. It's like really old though. I did it with max back when I was in high school. Now you have a pretty picture to look at, piss off.

 Damn, but if I finish this post, I will be absolutely out of things to do. I wonder if anyone has sent me e-mail since 4 am? Hold on, I'll check.

 ...

 Well, I got 26 in the junk mail folder. At least somebody cares enough to dump all their crap on me.