---
layout: posts
title:  "Coming through for Willow"
date:   2003-06-26 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
This slacker stayed up all night doing work and then left town without posting it. Well I can't follow suit and let down on my promise to make sure the content was up, so I'm posting some of what he did and I'll explain.

 So Willow's got this cool job where he does 3D modeling all day (in theory) and gets paid decent money for it (decent being the same amount as me except a lot less physical work). He's also trying to start this "Game Devolopers Club":http://mimesis.csc.ncsu.edu/gdc/ at school so he and some others can work on a big project or something. I'm doing the webpage for the site. It's a work in progress. Willow will tell you that starting a student organization is no walk in the park. I concur.

 Anyway, on with the content. I spent a good hour trying to find this stuff on Willow's computer(s) and then figuring out how to start up UT2003 and take a snapshot. I know of four models he's recently done: "a watch tower":/classic/images/gallery/modeling/towerrender1.jpg, "a beach umbrella":/classic/images/gallery/modeling/umbrella_screenshot.jpg, "a palm tree":/classic/images/gallery/modeling/palm_screenshot.jpg, and "an enourmous bottle of sunblock":/classic/images/gallery/modeling/sunblock_screenshot.jpg.

 Wow, that was a confusing bunch of links to type in this little text box. And it was a lot of work for our boy Willow. Good work. Everyone tell him how his excellence radiates through the fiber optics that is the internet.

 I also added a new "rant":/otc.html?view=rant today after reading an article from CNN. It is entitled, "Stupid Drivers":/otc.html?view=specific&item=37".

 Now have at all those links and then gossip in the "message boards":topics.php