---
layout: posts
title:  "I'm gonna keep this short and sweet."
date:   2003-10-19 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Let me point out something before I make this update. We update on monday, wednesday, and friday. (most of the time) Which means when we go to post monday, the last post was on friday. To draw the chain of causality out further, this means that the days in between posts are friday, saturday, and sunday. What on earth could motivate us to do real work on any of those days?

 Now that thats out of the way, we can move on to the excuses phase. First of all, I'm the one to puts crappy updates with no content up all the time because I'm the only one that pays attention when everybody else forgets to post because we have no new content, so I have to post to remind you that we are all still here and functioning.

 That was a pretty good excuse, I think. I should have gone with my backup and saved that one for later, like when we have had lame posts for a few days. As it stands, with all the stuff we added friday, we all deserve a little time off, so this lame post is completely valid.

 Natrually, the only one of us doing significant work on something that concerns the internet community is Wayne. And he has been busy at work, like a little dwarf mining out php nuggets from html mountain. For those of you it concerns, he has updated the slim, pretty [Dueling monkeys media(?) exchange!((http://movies.duelingmonkeys.com). Check out how pretty it is)

 No lame post is complete without a random link in the place of real content, so therefore, I give you your reading for the day: [The Street Fighter Pilot Cannon Guide](http://www.orochi.com/sffaq/index.html), and extensive listing of the backstory surrounding the various characters in the street fighter universe. There are some very interesting things to be found there for one who is vaugely familiar with the characters, and has a lot of time on their hands.

 Xiao