---
layout: post
title:  "The virtues of a bathtub too often go underappreciated"
date:   2003-03-18 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I just took a shower, and let me tell you what, it was great! I didn't have to worry about the shower curtain attacking me and sticking all over my body, or about keeping perfectly still because a wayward step of only an inch would send me toppling over the bathtub wall into the toilet. Yes, my bathtub is enourmous. I feel like I can run laps in it. well, maybe it's not that big, but it sure feels like it after using the cute little 'pocket shower' that I washed myself in for a week.

 Yes, I am reffering to Japan, the magical land where an entire apartment could probably fit into your pocket if it weren't connected to a bagillion other pocket apartments. Now that I think of it, many many things in Japan can conveniently fit into a pocket. I suppose the "Pocket Monsters":http://www.pokemon.com are only a natrual extension of that mentality.

 What was I talking about?

 Oh yeah, Japan. But first, let me forgive myself, I mean you ... please forgive my incoherence of language for a while, for some reason, I was not able to sleep on the plane either too or from Japan, so I've kind of been awake for a while. The whole way back from the airport I was stuttering like a stuttering stanley (a la the sixth sense), you should have heard it!

 Where was I?

 Oh, right, Japan. Oh wait, first let me get something out of the way: I am a dog-faced liar. I said on at least two occasions that I would have pictures up when I got back. This, however, is not true. I have two disposable cameras full of pictures, but I have to develop them then go through the painstaking process of scanning resizing and thumbnailing each one. As I don't look forward to any step of this process, do not expect it to be done soon. As an additional bonus, we have used up most of our hard drive space our hosting company allows. Oops.

 Ok, so Japan. Whew, I'm kind of tired of writing now. Maybe I'll catch you all up tommorow.