---
layout: posts
title:  "The eternal battle"
date:   2003-09-30 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I am constatly locked with myself in an eternal debate. On the one hand, I wish to update this site regularly so that the few people who visit the site have at least something new to read when they get bored of their salary jobs each day at about 9 o'clock am. On the other hand, if I am not able to do something in the span of two days that is worthy of significant note, my posts will become repetetive and whiney, with nothing interesting to them. That, and the fact that Wayne beats me horribly every time I do it.

 Of course, in a utopian world, I could generate cool content and have something to talk about every update. But as we all know, this is as impossible as having your cake and eating it too. So, what should I do in response to this dillemma?

 I can't really think of a broad, continuing solution, but for now, I'm just going to say this: Everyone in Raleigh must come to the guest speakers on campus tonight! The Game Developer's Club is hosting 3 guest speakers from a local game middleware company (NDL), and we need a really good turnout. It's in the witherspoon cinema, details [here](http://www.gamedevelopersclub.org).

 I'm exploring so many new possibilities for the game developers club recently, and I'm extremely excited about it. I wish I could tell you all, but that would bore you, and I'd rather wait until we have the events set in stone.

 That's all. Begone.