---
layout: posts
title:  "I hope Wayne doesn't beat me for this"
date:   2003-05-18 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I know it's been a long time since I've added an update. I'm sorry. I'm going to be spending a lot of weekends out in the mountains (i.e. no electricity) this summer, so dry spells like this might be more common. I'll try to post stuff on fridays and mondays, though to even it out.

 Anyway, back to the point. Well, as some of you may have realized e3 just completed. E3 is a very exciting time for game enthusiasts, and a bunch of games either got my attention, or got my attention more than they already had it. Although there were lots of interesting games across all platforms, I will focus on the xbox selection. Natrually, Halo 2 and Fable are at the front of the xbox list. Unfortunately, those games aren't going to come out until after the apocolypse, so we will need to take a look at some others.

 Actually, I don't want to go on forever about all the games I'm excited about - that would take forever. Instead, what I'm going to do is post a couple of trailers of games i think are cool. If Wayne finds out I'm using this much hard drive space and bandwith, he will probably flog me with a coiled up ethernet cable. The risks I take for you guys... anyhow, check these out, they are in no particular order of importance:

* Knights of the old Republic part 1
* Knights of the old Republic part 2
* Ninja Gaiden
* Halo 2 (slightly broken)
* Star Wars Galaxies part 1
* Star Wars Galaxies part 2

(Update: ok, I eventually took those down to put up a much better version of Halo 2 trailer, which I'm sure Wayne will also make me take down)

 Something to take note of is that these are all in quicktime format, so you'll need it to watch them.

 If you find yourself asking, 'why do I care about stuff that this guy is interested in?' or 'Why isn't there any actual original content in this post?' Please just forget those thoughts or you will be punished.

 Oh yeah, and I am spending my time working on my game engine, hopefully, I can post a demo program soon. Also, I'm trying to make Wayne learn flash so we can get some cool stuff going on.
