---
layout: posts
title:  "Personal Record"
date:   2003-09-28 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
We had a lot of fun this weekend, those of us, at least, who could comprehend their surroundings (more on that later). For those of you who live with their heads stuck in a gopher hole, the NC State vs. Chapel Hill football game was saturday. If the condition for you not knowing that was true, you must also not have known that NC State STOMPED them.

 Just thought I'd point that out.

 Fortunately, for those of you who were not able to attend the great event, we have captured some pictures. Just as proof here is "all of us":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/miscellaneous/game5.jpg in order, Wastrel, Wesley, and Willow. "Here":imageviewer.php?image=images/gallery/miscellaneous/game1.jpg is the grand stadium itself, filled with over "fifty three thousand fans":filespace/willow/stadiumview.mov. The energy of an event like this really is mind-boggling sometimes. If you want to see more of the game's pictures (and with properly sized windows), you can check them out in the 'miscellaneous' gallery.

 Now, to touch on the title, and the refrence earlier to dimmed consciousness, I'd like to point out a personal record I recently achieved. As any regular reader is familiar with, I have a problem with going to bed on time (tonight being no exception: 3:00am currently). You also may have noticed me complaining about this past week while it was still going on. Yeah, I had a lot of stuff to do last week. More than I could handle in a normal day, that's why I invented the &quot;Super-Day&quot;: my solution to the limiting daily cycle of toil before sleep.

 The Super Day:

 The Super Day is a magical time where you have an extra 30% of your time free because you forgo a useless, draining, mindless activity. During the Super Day you can do things like go to class all day twice, go to a football game, write a research paper from scratch, not finish an opengl program from scratch, play a game of Age of Mythology, and inadvertantly pick your nose about 2,301 times. Sounds great, huh? I wish I had those every day. Oh yeah, before I forget, there is another detail about the day I forgot to mention: IT'S 63 HOURS LONG!

 Yep, that's what my selfish pursuit of academics and entertainment won me this week, a personal record for awaken-ness. I should hire someone to kick me in the nuts if I ever do this again, but since I don't have that much money, I guess I'll just have to do it again sometime before I graduate.

 Enough babble, I have a lot of sleep to catch up on (grumble).