---
layout: posts
title:  "Who loves ya?"
date:   2003-06-15 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Well, I just got back from the mountains, and I realized that I promised to update today. Why do I do this? I mean, between Friday and Monday, I mostly sit on my butt or sleep, and I do so far from a computer, so I really can't ever expect to accomplish anything productive. With this in mind, what am I supposed to do for mondays update?

 well, after about nine minutes contemplation, I've decided to make an update where I don't give you my content, but rather the content of people who are actually talented. In this case, I've decided to post the direct feed halo 2 demo shown at e3 this year. Unlike the one I posted earlier that had crappy compression, was recorded by a camcorder, and was being driven by a drunk retard, this one is high res, sharp and detailed (driver's retardation still in question).

 [Halo 2 Real-time demo](/classic/filespace/willow/e3/halo2.wmv)

 However, I understand that that will only get you 9 minutes of ecstacy (well, like 3 hours if you count the download time), so I've decided to also bring to light another thing that I've been meaning to tell you all about. After all of my webcomic reading, I've settled into a new favorite. It's cute, it's easy to read, and most of all, it's updated daily. I present [A Modest Destiny](http://www.squidi.net), hooray! I love it!

 Remember, if you feel like commenting on my bandwith-oblivious post or this excellent webcomic, take it to [the messageboard](topics.php)