---
layout: posts
title:  "Weekend activities"
date:   2003-11-09 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
It's monday morning, and once again, I have to come up with some sort of excuse for not making content over the weekend. Fortunately, this time it's going to be damned easy because I had a jam-packed weekend full of crazy.

 This past weekend, at NC State University, Epic held "Unreal University":http://cde.ncsu.edu/uu. Due to my affiliation with the NC State "Game Developer's Club":http://www.gamedevelopersclub.org, I was a student volunteer for the event. Basically what this means is I got to go for free, but in return had to monitor a lab that was PLAYING UNREAL TOURNAMENT 2004 ON A LAN ALL DAY! Muah-ha-ha-ha-ha!

 Let me tell you a little about 2k4. When 2k3 first came out, I was disapointed because it felt like I was playing quake, and I don't like quake. After a while, I got used to it, and now I like it. However, from the moment I layed hands on it, I loved every bit of 2k4. They have two new game types that will make you throw deathmatch and capture the flag right out the window. I played for hours and hours and still couldn't get enough.

 The second wave of enthusiasm came when I attended the seminars and saw how easy it was to create your own vehicles for 2k4. I've already started on a model, and I hope to get it done before the game ships, so everyone cand get a kickin off-road superbike the day the game comes out.

 No pictures, no articles, you know what that means: "random link":http://www.gametrailers.com/mostdownloaded.html time.

 Later,