---
layout: posts
title:  "Opening a can of update"
date:   2003-08-10 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
First and foremost, let me humbly appologize for our infrequent and pathetic updates these past two weeks. As you may know, Wayne went on vacation, and when he got back, we both had a lot on our hands. Oh well, I'm glad that's out of the way - on to the fun.

 To get some old stuff out of the way, I started writing a game review a while back, but had to abruptly stop. What I had done is up, but I haven't taken the time to finish it. Feel free to check out "Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance":/otc.html?view=specific&item=38, a great game.

 Additionally, I have been periodically sticking screen captures from project sunburn in the galleries. I decided that the modeling gallery was getting too large, so I split it up in two. Most of the sunburn stuff is in the 'game dev' folder.

 While I'm at it, I might as well remind you that Wayne wrote a very good analysis of "Tiger Woods":/otc.html?view=specific&item=39. That's worth a read.

 On to the meat and bones of our update: Wayne and I took the time to write a sizeable article about a recent experience we had. We barely got out with our lives, so we figured we owed it to the world to warn those that might encounter it in the future. You can learn from our mistakes by reading about them in "The Great Pyramids":/otc.html?view=specific&item=40. This rant is a little special because we planned it out together, and then wrote it tag-team style, which worked out quite nicely. We even took the time to tell you at which points we tagged off.

 Finally, in addition to all that, Wesley gets back from Japan Today, and Wastrel gets back from France/Hungary on Thursday, so there might be some changes to the way the page runs soon, including, but not limited to, new people giving you updates.

 Peace out.