---
layout: posts
title:  "Times past"
date:   2003-09-25 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Whilst browsing our site earlier this week, I randomly went back and read the updates from an earlier month (specifically, "April, 2003":index.php?getnews=1&month=4&year=2003) and noticed a significant difference in how I approached the site.

 I seemed so much happier then, I was genuinely enthusiastic about updating, I had interesting things to say, and I always seemed to be working on something neat that I could post.

 Nowadays, all the stuff I sink my time into isn't stuff that I can post. It's not stuff I necessarily enjoy doing, either, which is quite depressing. But, complaints aside, I did get to do a little modeling recently, so I've come up with some screenshots of my latest partially-complete character model.

 Keep in mind, it still needs a lot of work: model tweaking, textures, a big-time poly reduction, and rigging. Someday I'll finish it. Maybe. Oh right, I still should post a link. "Try this out":/classic/images/gallery/modeling/femalebodyrender1.jpg.

 Yeah, I know it's not great, but you're lucky to get that considering what I've been through recently. In fact, the only reason I have time to update is because I'm pulling another all-nighter. I have a major graphics program due tommorrow and I haven't started yet, but this time It's for a slew of valid reasons; not just the fact that I didn't want to do it, as it usually is. One of the reasons might have to do with the fact that I have 3 english classes at once right now, and english is my natural enemy.

 Well, enough whining. I'm going to let you all off on that. Enjoy your fridays, and if you are a cool guy, enjoy the State UNC game; I know we will.