---
layout: post
title:  "Spring Break"
date:   2003-03-09 19:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
Early this morning Willow got on his plane to Japan to visit (newcomer) Wesley in Japan. Sounds like a fun trip doesn't it? Yeah, it looks like this will be a good spring break.

 If by good you mean, stuck in nofunland all by yourself because of work, then yes, it's a great spring break. That's the predicament I'm faced with. I went to the beach this past weekend, only to return to a normal week (minus class). It only makes it worse to know that 90 percent of all college students are anywhere but here having fun. Especially when your friends call you and remind you of how much fun you're not having. What are friends for?

 Here's the kicker: Apparently at work, Spring Break is an accepted time to just skip work, since so many college students work at my company. Evidently these folks won't get fired for missing a week of work. This could have been brought to my attention *yesterday* while I was still in funland. Oh well, not only would I not be making money at work, I'd be spending a lot more at the beach.

 Who am I kidding? I don't want to be here!

 So anyway, if you happened to see this post earlier, it said that I'd finish later. I had gone to Best Buy to buy some outdoor speakers (its getting warm here, time to stay outside). The selection was less than decent, and none of the models they had seemed worthy of their price tag in my opinion. I'll look around elsewhere. I did pick up a wireless router since they were on sale for $69 (after mail in rebate, of course). If you're in the market for one, and don't mind D-Link (no problems to report as of yet) then I suggest you head over the Best Buy and pick one up.

 Yeah, this is the end. No updates to the site, no links to click on, no pictures to stare at. I know, my news posting cannot compare to Willow's, but what can you expect from a Spring Breaker spending his vacation at work?