---
layout: posts
title:  "The Monkeys are coming"
date:   2003-02-16 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Howdy folks. I just wasted an entire weekend doing nothing meaningful (that's news). I got Capcom vs. SNK 2 and played that a lot, and got to do some serious hanging out with chums. Feeling a little slothful, I thought about what I could do tonight to make up for it. As another ice storm hits us and I probably won't have to go to school tommorow, I figure I can get something done.

 So here's my thought. There is a guy I know who is a secret agent in europe. He recently infiltrated the Hungarian government stealing vital information for our countries biochemistry industry. He is now operating out of France catching up on all the paperwork involved in the spy stuff. Anyhow, he was involved in a high-speed car chase over christmas break and asked the infamous staff of [a prestigious webpage](http://www.duelingmonkeys.com) to create a rendered mock up of the car crash involved.

 So, in the next few weeks, I will be involved in the production of this film. The screenplay has already been written and the actors cast. Filming should start any day. One setback I realized, however, was that our film division does not yet have an intro logo animation. This is something that desperately needed to be corrected, therefore, I have spend a little while playing with it, and have begun to create something worthy of note.

 The animation is rendering as I type, I'll post again when it's done to show you all. Look for the full length feature film within the coming weeks.