---
layout: posts
title:  "I'm pissed"
date:   2003-04-30 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
.. At myself. I just had a big program due and misjudged the time required to finish it all on time. There was one part that would have taken an extra 2 hours to get right, and it was worth nearly a third of the total program grade. I've been working on this all day (about 7 hours) and did some work on it the night before. Yet I still will barely pass this assignment. I got a 100 on the last one.

 This bothers me. Not only does it make my grade in the class crappy, but I see that I'm not the best at programming, which is pretty important to my major, Computer Science. They say that you like what you are good at. If that's true, it doesn't look promising. I like making this website. I may not contribute to the content much, but I enjoy making it work. The problem is that its not entirely too hard to make something like this work. People get paid to make sites that are efficient, pretty, fast loading, and most importanly: RELEVANT TO SOMETHING. Ok, ok, this site is kinda relevant to ... umm... nevermind.

 So yeah I'm whining quite a bit. I'm dissapointed in myself tonight. I'm not sure if I want to pursue this degree or not.

It's easy to say, &quot;Hey Wayne, stick it out and you'll get throught it. It'll pay off&quot; but its not so easy to make it happen. What do I do? I think I'll go get the pliers out of the garage and see if the tooth fairy has any helpful advice. Or some of you could write me about it or anthing else and I could save some teeth.

 By the way, we added a new meal after a long drought. Fix it up. It's yummy.