---
layout: posts
title:  "Sunburn"
date:   2003-11-13 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Hey everyone! After many trials and tribulations, I've finally completed(?) a game mod. Let me tell you, it will be nice to have this off my shoulders. I might even be able to finish coloring that "picture":/classic/images/gallery/art/heroinebw.jpg I started a while back now.

 For those that are interested, I've posted some pretty little screenshots in the "Game Dev":galleries.php?section=game%20dev gallery. You can see the recent ones at the bottom, only the last five are final version.

 For those that are more interested and, more importantly, own a copy of UT2k3, you can actually download the MOD itself from "here":/classic/filespace/willow/sunburnmod.zip. Exciting, huh? I can't testify as to the 'coolness' factor of this one, but the theme we went with is what the funding dictated.

 For those that are not interested, piss off.

 And for everyone in the world, I'd like to congratulate Wayne and I on our first year aniversery of running Dueling Monkeys! (Applause) We've both had a great time with it, and I'm really glad he talked me into it.

 I was supposed to do something for the aniversery like draw some new pictures for the top corner, but I didn't have time. Sorry. Since our first year goals of getting the site up have been accomplished, we can now set our goals for the next year. I personally hope that within the next year, we can make the site something valuable in some way to someone; a pretty ambitious goal, I know, but assuming I get out of college this spring, I think I just might be able to do it.