---
layout: post
title:  "And we're back."
date:   2003-09-07 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
Man I almost forgot how to update! It's been so long I bet you folks won't even visit today. It won't matter much though, because I'm not going to do much other than tell you a few things. I think there are a few recipies to add for Wednesday though. Maybe a rant or two. I should write one about how much I hate doing homework, which I managed to avoid all weekend even though I had plenty of time and plenty of homework.

 For those of you that don't know about the movie rental thing, just ignore it. Or maybe you're supposed to know, just not yet. Anyway, the site is taking shape, but there's A LOT of work to be done. You can check it out at "movies.duelingmonkeys.com/atoz.php.":http://movies.duelingmonkeys.com/atoz.php Please don't add any movies, but even if you do, I'll just delete them when I'm ready to release the site. When that time comes, you'll have to register and log in to see anything worth seeing. I'm waiting on the IMDB to email me back with permission to use their info. I might have to buy a license, but I'm not trying to make a profit, so I shouldn't have to.

 Today for lunch we went to the "Bear Rock Cafe.":http://www.bearrockfoods.com It was excellent. I highly recommend you go sometime soon. The one in Cary is across the way from Best Buy at Crossroads. The prices for a really good sandwich are less than $6 which includes a bag of chips, pretzels, or fruit. You can also substitute a loaded baked potato for $1.50 or a salad for $1 more. The bread they use really makes it worth the visit. And they have free wireless internet conncetions if you have a laptop and need to do some work during lunch.

 So it's hurricane season and there are a few little storms headed our way. If any of them aren't too serious but still make a lot of wind and rain, let's have a party. It'll be fun. We can make hurricane's, or course, and act like we don't have anything else to do. Of course the last thing I want is anyone's house to wash away or someone to get injured or killed, but as long as none of that happens lets go have fun with it.

 Once again, I apologize for the long delay in updates. I have a lot to do this semester and websites is not at the top of my priority list (even though I make a few minutes for it somehow).

 Have a happy Monday!