---
layout: post
title:  "The physics of slack"
date:   2003-01-13 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
As some of you may have noted, I had a very stressful end of the semester a little while ago. Right after that, I went on one continuous vacation that was densely packed with activities. Don't get me wrong, it was an awesome vacation, but I didn't get any rest or relaxation. Then I got back in the country, got back in town, went to a meeting, and classes were already upon me the next day.

 Then I had a four day weekend. This was my first real chance to relax in probably over a month. I was very relaxed. Too relaxed. I knew I had homework and other stuff to do, but I was too relaxed to care. I ended up not doing my homework (sue me), in addition to not doing anything else, updating this webpage included. So my theory is that lack of a force of tension (slack) has inertia. Once it gets moving (err, not moving?), it doesn't stop until sufficient force is applied to it. Well, I can say that for now, I have delayed my slackness just enough to write a sizeable amount of update to this page!

 God what a waste of time writing that was! It's not even meaningfull. I can't imagine how you feel. Ha ha, the sadism of wasting your time makes me feel like it was all worth it after all.

 On one last note, I will try to get some more articles out your way soon. I'm debating whether to write my opinions on Final Fantasy as a Reflection on modern classics, or just an extremely cynical game review.

 go on, piss off.