---
layout: posts
title:  "this post has nothing to do with 'Statistical Inferences'"
date:   2003-03-04 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
After getting the galleries up and scanning some old pictures of "friends":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/coolstuff.php?view=images&section=willow, I was thinking about the good ol' days, and coincidentally, I got a call from my old high school roomate. He was in town and decided to hang out for a few days. Even with the short notice, I managed to throw together a get-together at Chapel Hill. I got to see lots of old friends, but only remembered later that I should have taken some pictures. Oh well, perhaps I can use that as an excuse to visit again. I had a great time, thanks guys.

 Anyway, I guess this is my version of an excuse for not doing anything that can be shown. Because I haven't done anything showable recently, I decided to take some time at work to write a game review on a game I believe needs mentioning. Check out "Mechassault":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/otc.php?view=specific&item=25 if you are so inclined.

 Additionally, our server will be down on saturday for some time. I don't know when, but in case you are trying to view our page (yeah, right) and it doesn't show up, you know why. The reason is that the server our hosting company uses is getting upgraded, so now our page should be even faster, woo-hoo! Um... no wait. Wayne actually tells me that the server was upgraded last saturday and that I am an idiot. He is correct on both arguments.

 Oh yeah, I am going to Japan for spring break, so don't expect me to post anything for a while, I'll see if I can get Wayne to make an update or two. However, you can expect a boatload of pictures when I get back.