---
layout: post
title:  "Word from the (very) west side"
date:   2004-08-02 20:00:00
author: "Wheeldle"
avatar: "wheedle_calm"
---
_Yo, editor here once again. In case you are thick, Wheedle here is our senior semi-foreign correspondent shouting out from Hawaii. This sweet piece of mail arrived on the 23rd of July. I command you to dig it._

 Things in hawaii couldnt be better right now! seriously. i have a regular schedule on one of the boats now - the ocean spirit. she is a great vessel and has all new snorkel gear and everything which is so nice! new paint jobs and even a new bow-line. some of this may mean nothing to you, but believe me - its exciting! i was even able to con my way into getting a new mask and snorkel from their new supply and it has been treating me pretty well so far. ocean spirit runs the same snorkel trips as most of the other boats out of the same harbor, but it is the overflow boat, so it is smaller. the max capacity is 100 and we always have less than that. today we had under 80, so its nice to have a smaller group.

 oh! you wont believe it, the other day on the boat we had all the triangle schools represented! me from chapel hill, there was a guy who was a dukie from hillsborough and someone who worked at state! it was cool to have all that just coincidentally happen. even met a british couple now living in wilmington today. our first cruise on the ocean spirit was the Priscilla cruise, which is a gay pride private group. there was a lot of unlawful things happening on the boat - i sent the pictures out already. they were a lot of fun - drag queens, one guy offered me pot, i think i saw some guys having sex in the water. these are the gay people bush is trying to keep from getting married - but i think they were great fun! one of the guys kept calling me a diva and rubbed glitter all on me. he was a little drunk.

 meanwhile, yesterday val and i and some of our other friends had the day off so we went to hana, which is a really nice part of maui on the east side. chris, shannon, and andrew also went with us, so it was a nice full car. there are waterfalls everywhere! and beautiful ocean views and mountain scenery. lots of mnt pools to go jumping and swimming in. i will be sending out those pictures shortly. we also went around the whole east side of the island instead of doubling back and that was an adventure. there were free roaming cows everywhere and for some reason we couldnt stop laughing and being excited about them! i mean, there ARE tons of cows in NC, so it was just strange.

 otherwise, i am just trying to eek by on the expensive hawaiian living. i changed the oil in my car myself! instead of taking it in. i dont know how much i really saved, but it was quite an experience so i enjoyed doing it!