---
layout: post
title:  "This is the end.  I'm going now, ... goodbye."
date:   2004-08-09 20:00:00
author: "Wesley"
avatar: "wesley_calm"
---
First, a note from the editor:
 _Hey, why don't we bitch at willow for not downloading, resizing, renaming, thumbnailing, and uploading every picture we send him the night he gets it? Sounds like fun to me too.

 Anyway, I had to skip two of Wesley's updates because he wants this posted before he gets back from Japan. If you really care about what he did during the weeks he spent in Okazaki, you'll have to drop him a line. Without further ado:_

 well, i'm sorry to say that i don't have pictures of my bike for you today. and yes, i realize that i said i was goign to send them this past weekend, but i was busy drin... studying. i had a test this morning, and i think i did pretty good, certainly better than i did on the last one. anyway, tomorrow is the last day of class for me. after that i'm goignto head back to nagoya and stay with michi's wonderful and generous family again, and then on monday i:m off to tokyo! i'll be returning to the US next friday!!! yay!!!

 now, although i do not have pics of my bike right now (i will later, they are on someone elses camera), i DO have some other pics. they aren't too big, but i'm only going to attach three. well... maybe 4. hehehe. so, the first one is a little something cultural for ya, a float at the nagoya port fireworks festival on &quot;sea day&quot;. yes, a national holiday for the ocean. the next pic is me with this scary lookin buddha statue outside of a temple where there was a gigantic metal buddha. the pics of the big buddha didn't come out so well so i'm not sending those. the third pic is me with a bunch of cute girls (now perhaps you know why i like being here so much). and lastly is the house i'm going to move into when i move back to japan. it suits me, don't you think?

 alright gang, this is probably the last mail i'm going to send from japan. i'll give you my full report upon my return to boring world land. er, america i mean. although i have a feeling i'm not going to have time to be bored this coming semester. i hope you are all wishing me luck for my graduation. and to all of you who have written to me (thank you!) and i haven't written you back (sorry!) you will just have to wait. i have 25 emails sitting in my inbox waiting to be replied to, and i don't have the time to do it right now. so please accept my apologies if you have been waiting to hear from me.

 and thats all folks. feel free to send me questions or comments, but i probably won't be able to get to them for a while.

 the drummer from def leopard only has one arm! come on party people, (hoo hoo) put your arms in the air (hoo hoo). peace out.

 _Alright, editor back. it seems that Wesley sent 12 pictures, but only referenced 3 in his letter. For the sole purpose of adding chaos and confusion, I added them to the 'wesley' gallery, which already had 15 pictures in it. This means that you all get to search through the gallery to find out what he is talking about. You will find the gallery in question "beyond this link":galleries.php?section=Wesley&type=image._