---
layout: posts
title:  "time to enjoy winter"
date:   2004-02-29 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
The past few days have been a total blast. In just the last week, we've had several beautiful sunny days, and some [snow](galleries.php?section=snow) days as well. This time around, we made sure we enjoyed the snow, as it will probably be our last of the year.

 So, we invited our lovely neighbors over to play in the snow with us. (or was it them who invited themselves? I can't remember) We all worked together to build a [snowman](images/gallery/snow/snowman.jpg). I figured I would try to make a [cooler snowman](images/gallery/snow/snowdude.jpg), but maybe he was too cool. The girls then decided to make [snow](images/gallery/snow/snowangel1.jpg) [angels](images/gallery/snow/snowangel2.jpg).

 To celebrate our new creations, we did a [square dance](images/gallery/snow/squaredance.jpg), which eventually evolved into some sort of [inverted triangle dance](images/gallery/snow/triangledance.jpg). Wierd.

 To cap things off, we (read: I) decided to give our frosty friend a beffitting sendoff [samurai style](/classic/filespace/willow/snowmandeath.wmv). Poor guy never knew what hit him ... twice.

 Ah, good times. Just today, however, I've been working on something a little more productive. I'm getting ready to begin the job application process, but before I can do that, I felt that it was necessary to make a new resume webpage as my old one is kind of ... old. I played with photoshop for a few hours and figured out a bunch of neat stuff I could do. I made an image of [the prototype](/classic/filespace/willow/webpagelayout.jpg) for you all. I've still got some more stuff to add, but I think it's coming along quite well. I'd appreciate some feedback, so I started a [messageboard topic](topics.php?topicID=1078126570). Feel free to tell me what you think.

 That's all I can think of, catch you later.