---
layout: posts
title:  "Mahalos wanted"
date:   2004-10-07 20:00:00
author: "Wheeldle"
avatar: "wheedle_calm"
---
greetings from the aloha state. wow have things been busy here! working makes you tired!! did you know that?! did you also know that people are cheap? well, if you didnt - let me share. i work on a boat for a nonprofit organization. i get paid VERY LITTLE MONEY. i rely heavily on &quot;mahalos&quot; or &quot;tips&quot; if you will for income. today there were 112 people on the boat. we saw dolphins TWICE and turtles as well. i also gave one bootilicious fish presentation. i made 19 dollars in tips. what more do you want people?! do i have to jump through a ring of fire? do the dolphins need to make you a mai tai with a little paper umbrella? tap dancing? dramatic prose? karma. that is all i must say. karma. now that i have vented the frustrations of money ... life here is generally. as i was telling wayne the other day - i feel it is against my ability to complain about life in hawaii. because even if you had boils and locusts and death of the first born and all that ... much easier to bear when you walk outside to the view of palm trees and the sunrise over a volcano. there was a beautiful double rainbow from a small shower today. so that is why i smile despite the workload that i bear and the lightness of my wallet. meanwhile, at starbucks a nice old lady sketched me ... said i had strong facial features but she had trouble defining my cheekbones. curse my chubby cheeks. but she gave me the picture and i will eventually take a picture of the picture and send it to willow to post as a link here. im famous. until next time folks ... always remember to tip your waiter. aloha