---
layout: posts
title:  "A long overdue catching up"
date:   2004-07-26 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
Hello everyone, it's been a long time, huh? If I'm counting correctly, well over a month since I've last updated. Imagine that! It's not that I don't want to update or I'm too busy, it's just that as soon as I feel like releasing my woes on the world via this webpage, someone else always beat me to the punch and had some sort of content to go with it.

 Overachieving bastards, I'll show them.

 What have I been up to, you might ask? Well, gather around boys and girls. Wrap up in some warm blankets and grab a bowl of popcorn; it's storytime!

 _Once upon a time, there was a ambitious young adventurer named Willow. As Willow grew up, he always dreamed of being a great engineer, but not just any engineer; he wanted to design games. When Willow came of age, he decided to go to the academy for training as an engineer. He worked very hard and excelled at what he did throughout his education.

 After finally graduating, young Willow was free of the toil of schedules and responsibilities that academy life imposed on him. He very much looked forward to the adventures that his newfound freedom would afford him. He was also very excited about putting all of his training to use engineering games.

 When this time finally came, however, things turned out differently than young Willow had hoped. He reached into his pocket and found that he did not have enough gold to travel around having adventures. Instead, he was confined to his humble abode where he slowly drained his meager savings buying bread crumbs and soup.

 To make things worse, it seems that nobody wanted a fresh, young, ambitious game engineer. So many young engineers wish to design games, but the science of entertainment requires many more years of practice than the academy offers before the necessary proficiency can be attained. Even though Willow stood out among his fellow engineers as an ideal canidate to design games, nobody would take him in.

 Solitary; without the means or will to move on is where we find our delapidated adventurer now. He stares out the window dreaming of an outside world that is just a bit more forgiving. While waiting patiently for a break that may never come, he puts his mind to work daydreaming, then turning his daydreams into things that others can see._

 Well, that's the end of the story for now. I'll let you know if anything else happens in it. I know that it's unlikely anyone keeps a close eye on the galleries, but if you do, you might have noticed some new stuff in the art gallery sneak in. In case you didn't, I will now present them to you.

 "Card cover art":#id=202: This picture combines two pictures that I drew as a thank-you note and birthday card for a friend. I figured it wouldn't hurt to share them with the world, so I slapped them together into one image, threw a quick gradient up behind them, and dumped them in the art gallery.

 "Hoshiko, the pilot":#id=202: This is another one of the random characters I decide to draw every once in a while. For some reason, I decided to give her a name: Hoshiko. This is a japanese name that approximately means 'child of the stars'. It was done completely on the tablet. I think that I did a much better job on the shading of this one that I have before.

 "Wayne's birthday poster":#id=202: In case some of you didn't know, our elusive webmaster recenly turned 22. To celebrate, I designed up this poster for him (what a nice guy I am). My favorite part is the black borders with the curly thingies: I drew those myself, you know!

 Well, it seems to me that I've brought a lot to the table today. Don't expect that everytime, I've just been building a backlog of art up over the past month that I haven't been able to post. In the next few weeks I've got plenty of stories from Japan and Hawaii coming, so stay tuned.