---
layout: posts
title:  "Good News Everyone!"
date:   2004-09-28 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---
I have several announcements to make. But first, let me explain that I'm tired. I've already complained to you in my last update (which was a long time ago) that school and work are consuming most of my life. I won't do it again as long as you know that things haven't changed. So, there isn't really anything cool about this update. No artwork, recipes, or funny links. But, if I can remember to do it in my break tommorow (read: today), I'll come up with something.

 And now for the announcements...

 Number 1)
 I am all but certain that I will graduate in July 2005. I might even get to walk in May since I'll only have one humanities class and one major class left. More on that later.
 Number 2)
 Willow and I have decided that in order for you guys to finally see any progress in this &quot;major overhaul&quot; I keep telling you about, we're going to have to split it up into two phases. Phase One will include the administration part. I've already done most of that part. I just have to decide if I want to change the way the message board works. The first phase will also include a pretty new frontend for you guys to see (get to work Willow). Phase Two will be less noticible. Things might run a little faster, but for the most part you won't see any changes. I'll change the code to be less messy than my two-year-ago-skills allowed me to be, and I might even throw in some RSS feeds. A third phase, if applicable, would be the new photo gallery. But I'm hoping it will be done before the second phase starts.
 Number 3)
 We haven't watched any Strongbad email in quite some time, and noticed the other day that there were about six or seven new ones. I bet at least one of you haven't looked in a long time, so for old times sake, check out "Homestar Runner":http://www.homestarrunner.com.

 Ok, so there *was* a funny link. SO SORRY!