---
layout: post
title:  "And we're back!"
date:   2004-05-28 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_calm"
---
After a week of brokeness, we've finally got things almost back to normal. The messageboard is in working order, and it actually logs your IP when you post now. I never realized that part didn't work until the 845[^th^] reply.

 The comments section is making progress, but I don't want to make too many new things for the site until that lazy guy (Willow) decides to design a new layout. I think the comments work now, but they aren't the prettiest. That collapse button is temporary I promise, and one day it will work.

 It saddens me to say that my motivation for fixing all this stuff tonight was because I simply didn't have anything else to do. All the Monkey's are gone. My girlfriend and her roomates are gone. My friends that I hang out with from work are either busy or gone. I don't have any homework, I don't feel like watching another movie (I've done a lot of that lately). I feel like I don't like programming anymore.

 It's a good thing I'm not majoring in computer science anymore!

 Anyway, my main reason for not doing more upgrades with the site is because there is so much room for imporvment it's scary. I look at the code, the database structure, the horror! And it all says back to me, &quot;Why have you made us so ugly? Do you hate us?&quot; To which I reply,.&quot;I'm sorry old friends, but I was not clear in thought at the time. One day I will give you a makeover.&quot;

 One day. One day.