---
layout: post
title:  "Bedtime Stories.... Shiznizzle"
date:   2004-02-11 19:00:00
author: "Wastrel"
avatar: ""
---
Once again, it is the wee hours of the morning and one of us poor souls must do the update. As I happened to notice there were several pictures up in the "Wastrel gallery":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/galleries.php?section=wastrel, but without icons and therefore remained hidden, it is bequeathed unto me to deliver this update. And to Willow's request it shall be done in the entertaining fashion of a little Story. _Here goes:_

Once upon a time in a land far far away, there lived a "zealot":#%20. The god-fearing zealot lived but a stone's throw away from the evil "13th":# no less). At the site of gokamehan in his "shiny suit":# the villagers ran, and thus gokamehan's wrath ensued. It was great, and "awesome":#. Only our "zealot":# survived, and a great "chase":# ensued as he ran from gokamehan's wrath. For gokamehan was no gentle man, once angered he showed his "greatness":#, and thus he released a "Kamehameha":# after our "zealot":#. Racing through the village the great ball "burned":# everything it touched in its path, leaving an "unbearable sight":# and an eerie "glow":#. The flame cast down our unfortunate "zealot":#, who died in "agony":#, and so "Gokamehan":# felt momentarily appeased.
 The following morning, with the fire "quenched":#, Gokamehan realized what he had done. He was left all alone. "Gokamehan wept!":# All he ever wanted was a "hug":#, and instead he found fear and distrust.

So what is the moral of the story my friends? The next time you see a freak on the streets give him/her a hug, you never know if it'll make their day and keep them from killing someone.
 And if they say &quot;What the &#42;expletive "DELETED":http://www.homestarrunner.com/sbemail20.html&#42;?,&quot; you merely reply &quot;oh my gosh, I Am So sorry I thought you were &quot;insert name&quot;, you look just like him/her,&quot; while you slyly steal there wallet and walk off.
 This way it's a win win situation.
 And so I leave you with a "goodnight kiss":#.

 Sweet dreams my friends
