---
layout: post
title:  "It's humping season"
date:   2004-11-28 19:00:00
author: "Wheeldle"
avatar: "wheedle_calm"
---
it has been a while since i have updated everyone on the hawaii scene ... well, nothing has changed. the weather - still beautiful. the food - still expensive. gas - still waaaaaaay to expensive. thanksgiving came and went with no tofu turkey dinner for me because work called. my birthday came and went with very little pomp and circumstance. but its ok because i had a great birthday massage and a wonderful birthday facial and a suprise birthday cake. dad sent suprise birthday roses. so wheedle is a happy 22 year old.

 meanwhile the humpback whales have arrived!! ive seen just a few as they trickle into hawaiian waters and one breached! to those not in the know - a breaching whale consists of it launching its several thousand pound body out of the water and coming down with a massive splash. it was AMAZING! whale watches will begin in december and it will be whale soup in the waters outside the harbor. interesting facts i learned from doing my whale outline: humpback whale tongues weigh 2 tons; their penises can be up to 8 ft long; females are longer than males; generally only the male whales sing. there is much more, but i have to learn all the facts before i start conducting my own whale watches.

 imminent information: i will be homeless in 2 days. by december 1st i will be out of my apt and shacking up at friend's apts until i can find a new place. i like the idea of living on the beach in a tent, but apparently mom isnt too keen on that. we'll just have to keep open minds for where i can live. anyone need a roommate? wanna move to hawaii and shack up with me somewhere? its not half bad here. how cold is it where you are? below 60? its over 80 here ... come on, roomies?

 in the meantime, i am enjoying the sun, the breeze, harry potter three, and waiting on spiderman 2 to come out. mahalos are picking up a little and ive been able to save some so i can go back to school. donations are accepted.

 aloha,