---
layout: posts
title:  "Tablets of Fire"
date:   2004-02-04 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
Just for the sake of remembering the good times, I'm going to tell you about my sleeping habits this week. As you may have read in the post below, I didn't get any sleep last Sunday because of homework. After submitting my program minutes before the deadline, I felt a tremendous weight lift off my shoulders. In my ecstacy I wrote the update before all that missing sleep caught up on me.

 Then something kind of funny happened. I didn't get sleepy. I was so happy about being alive (as opposed to dead) that I didn't want to waste my happy emotions on forcing myself into slumber. So I didn't. Instead I took up my tablet and drew a picture that was meant to capture the state of my happiness. No sleep again.

 Then an old friend had her 21st birthday so I trucked out to Chapel Hill to welcome her to the world of the old. So from sunday morning to wednesday morning (at around 3), I had only had two 2-hour pass out sessions, with no sleep beyond that.

 I can understand staying up that long for tests and classes and stuff, but this time I put myself through it just because I felt like it. Man, I'm crazy.

 Anyway, on to relevance. I've been drawing at a very respectable rate just recently. Monday night, after my update, I drew [this picture](/classic/images/gallery/art/happymike.jpg;) a self-poitrait of me just relaxing and being happy. Then again last night I made [this screwy guy](/classic/images/gallery/art/repairman.jpg), I really don't know what I was thinking, but it turned out, uh, interesting. Although it wasn't specifically linked earlier, I also recently put up [this](/classic/images/gallery/art/courtyard.jpg) little architecture study, as well as this line drawing of an [elven woman](/classic/images/gallery/art/elfladylines.jpg). Also, I finally got around to coloring a picture I drew quite a while ago: [the heroine](/classic/images/gallery/art/heroine.jpg).

 Man, if you add those to the two I put up two weeks ago, you could say I'm on fire.

 Right then, see you later.