---
layout: posts
title:  "Reconsideration"
date:   2004-03-31 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm"
---
I know that just a little while back, I stated that I probably would not have time to be updating this site as often, at least until the end of the school year. Well, that was then.

 Enter: Ritalin. A bottle of my old college buddies showed up unexpectedly last night, and I endulged in their company today. I took 6 pages of notes in my 3 classes, and cranked through 300 lines of code on my gameboy game. With the possibility of this vast, unimaginable power, my new work ethic will permit me to do things I never thought possible before.

 Yes, folks. I am now a certifiable _super_human. With these new powers under my belt, I plan on doing several things. The first of which, is actually finish my projects and graduate this semester (perhaps not possible before). The second of which is to update this site regularly ... _with a vengeance!_

 I figure I'll have about 20 minutes of free time each day, assuming that I cut my sleep schedule by 50 percent, which is approximately enough time to write about 1000 (ritalin induced) words. Fortunately, those thousand words can also equal one picture (at least that's what my old schoolteacher used to tell me). So, I'm now going to add one picture to the galleries each day until I have another seizure. Additionally, I will be updating the news section of the site with the useless links and excuses approximately NINE times per week.

 Enjoy it while I'm alive, folks.