---
layout: posts
title:  "The End is Near"
date:   2004-11-21 19:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---
This weekend I made more progress on schoolwork than I have all semester. I wrote a 6 page paper, read over 100 pages in a novel, I'm currently writing up an 'activity' about public transportation (and how much it sucks) for middle school students to ponder about. That's about it, but its a lot of stuff.

 The little activity is going to be &quot;Better ways to get people to the State Fair&quot;, inspired by this year's &quot;State Fair on Saturday/NCSU vs. Miami/NCSU BBall Red &amp; White Game&quot; fiasco. Why on earth did they plan all of these events on the same day. The fair saw over 100,000 people that day, the football game saw at least 53,500, and the basketball game probably added a few hundred more. I don't care if Edwards Mill Road is new and big. It's not big enough for that many people. Can you believe they actually had directions from every single location in the State take the Wade avenue exit? Bah!

 Okay I know you don't care, so I'll move on.

 I copied all of Dr Muffin's photos from the costume party into a "new gallery":galleries.php?section=costume%20party&type=image so that you don't have to search through the message board and open them in a new window or tab so often. I hope you appreciate my hard work.

 Colin's Toga party was fun, eh? That DVD game is evil, and I shall not partake in it again unless inebriated. You guys had a lot of food, and it was good, but I was full for like 18 hours after that meal. Also, my toilet seat is happy. But that is because of Spongebob, not the meal :).

 Oh right, I am fogetting to get to the point of my news subject. AFter I write a horrid paper on the not-so-bad book I am reading, I will be somewhat free until the Monday following Thanksgiving. That week is dead week, and after that is exams. My last regular semester should be no problem if I can find an internship, but per Cynthia's advice, I have found a possible job that requires skilled persons in the PHP/MySQL/CSS/XML/APACHE area (how convienient). I'm going to call them on Wednesday and hope that they are in good spirits, as I don't fit their Computer Science Major requirement.

 So maybe I'll be able to figure out why Internet Explorer hates me, what kind of crazy CSS I'm not aware of, and how many other pages I'll have to alter to make the new design work. Maybe for Christmas DM will give you the newness. I refuse to make promises any more though, because one of a billion things will get in my way if I do.

 Like the book I should be reading.

 Or the activity I should be finishing.

 Or the house plans I should be drawing.

 Or the five final exams I should be studying for.

 CRAP! The end is not anywhere NEAR near!