---
layout: posts
title:  "Content Galore"
date:   2004-06-15 20:00:00
author: "Wastrel"
avatar: "hobbes"
---
Ok so maybe not just yet, but we -promise- -guaruntee- _will try?_ to have more content on this page!!
 In the meantime I did put up some pictures from my graduation, seeing as Willow and I did not graduate at the same place, and I added more pictures from us leaving and the little lobby celebration afterwards. Unfortunately I do not have a digital, and I'm lazy to scan in _All_ the pictures I have. So by the grace of *_Wheedle_* (Our new honorary monkey correspondent who happens to be in the little known state called Hawaii at the moment) I have digital pictures of my graduation. You can check them, and the previous ones posted, out "here":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/galleries.php?section=Graduation&type=image. My personal favorite is the "monkeys in style":#wastrelid1.

And more content should be sure to come. Of course you have noticed that our schedule in the monkey house has changed. Regular updates are no longer to be had, we will just try to put at least one up a week and whenever we have anything -interesting- to say!
 Meanwhile Wayne works dillegently to revamp the site. And Willow is creating new icons, therefore I shall use 'mini-hobbes' in the meantime.

Until then keep listening to pearl jam (it helps sooth the soul) and check out some more pictures from our redneck style drinking in the road found in the "miscellaneous gallery":http://www.duelingmonkeys.com/galleries.php?section=miscellaneous&type=image. "(My personal favorite).":#wastrelid1

_-Peace_
