---
layout: posts
title:  "Just to let you know that I'm still alive"
date:   2005-12-04 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
Hey guys! It's me! Remeber me?

 ... Oh, you don't? I'm such a loser.

 Anyway, it's been far too long. So long that I don't really know what to say. I'll just put up some pictures and be done with it.

 Picture 1: "A while back":index.php?getnews=1&month=6&year=2005 I posted a series of images demonstrating my art process for making a terrible picture. I made another a few weeks later but never posted it. Slightly ironic, considering the second set was actually worth looking at. Enough talk, "here":images/gallery/willow/art/progress1.jpg you "go":images/gallery/willow/art/progress2.jpg.

 Picture 2: I tried drawing another character portrait for some random character I came up with, but, as usual, I was very underwhelmed by "the result":images/gallery/willow/art/pirate.jpg.

 Picture 3: This one is my personal favorite. I tried some new things this time. Mainly, I payed a lot more attention to the colors that went into the pallette and I didn't seperate the thing into a bazillion layers - the whole thing is basically just one layer. I'm fairly happy to present "the redhead":images/gallery/willow/art/redhead.jpg. My apologies for the lack of a real title.

 Picture 4: "Once upon a time":index.php?getnews=1&month=8&year=2005 Wayne picked up my tablet and tried his hand at it. What can I say? He couldn't control his subconscious urge to fill the canvas with phallic imagery. I'll let you "see for yourself":images/gallery/miscellaneous/waynesketch.jpg. Here's a neat game: can you spot all 5 poorly disguised phallic symbols in Wayne's drawing?

 That's all I got. I meant to write a Rant on Perfect Dark: Zero as well, but I figured that pictures would be a more entertaining way to spend your morning. I also ran out of time. And it couldn't hurt to have something to post next time (if there ever is one) too.

 Good night.