---
layout: posts
title:  "The inevitable return of the great white dope"
date:   2005-06-12 20:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
So unless my records decieve me, this may be the first time I've posted on the front page in something like 7 months. I'm sorry for dropping the ball - my bad. In this post, I WILL NOT take you on a fantastic and magical journey through all my excuses. I WILL NOT host bitch-about-having-no-time-a-pa-looza. Instead in the old-school fashion, I will relate an anecdote from my recent life which will no doubt HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH WHY I DON'T MAKE UPDATES ANY MORE OR HOW ANYTHING I SAY RELATES TO YOU, YOUR LIFE, YOUR VISITING THIS WEBPAGE, OR MY OBSESSION WITH ABSURDLY-LONG-HYPHENATED-WORD-SLASH-PHRASES!

 _&#42;gasp&#42;_

 *Chapter A: the anecdote*

 So when I first started my job, one of my coworkers commented on my reluctance to purchase things. He said something to the effect of &quot;you are not a poor college student anymore. You have large volumes of expendable income and before you know it, you'll be walking down the street and decide to buy a CD just because you feel like buying something.&quot; At the time, this was crazy talk! Spend 15 bucks on something that only provided about an hour of background entertainment? My frugal mind rejected the idea completely.

 However, in the end, Dan's wisdom has finally shown through. While at Best Buy the other day, I decided to buy a music CD. Why, you might ask? I will tell you - _just for the hell of it_.

 As a side effect of my little rampant-consumerism-binge, I can bring some wisdom of my own to the table - the &quot;Hooray for Boobies&quot; Bloodhound gang album is good, but not as good as &quot;One fierce beer coaster&quot;. It is of course light years better than &quot;Finger licking good&quot;, which is a little ironic I guess.

 *Chapter 2: And now for something completely different*

 It was a little difficult to find anything that might be of some visual interest to post here out of the things I've worked on at home recently. This is mainly because I don't turn my computer on at home much anymore. I did discover that I had a backlog of quick sketches that had accumulated over time. I had enough to throw together some quick collages. So if you are interested in what my tablet and I have been up to recently, "take":images/gallery/willow/art/sketchcollage2.jpg a "look":images/gallery/willow/art/sketchcollage3.jpg.

 While browsing through my old game dev and modeling galleries, despite the fact that I was practially drowning in nostalgia, I still managed to realize that I never really actually posted any screenshots of the games I worked on (now over a year ago) as they became complete. Thus, I took it upon myself to take a few screen captures of the beautiful grassy fields of Catan Island and throw them up. If you need your daily dose of primary colors, "check":images/gallery/willow/game%20dev/settlers1.jpg it "out":images/gallery/willow/game%20dev/settlers2.jpg. Okay, "one more":images/gallery/willow/game%20dev/settlers3.jpg.

 *Chapter D: TEH END*

 Well, that was anticlimactic (as usual). I guess I must already be back in my old groove. Well, I'll talk to you all later. If my statistical analysis is correct that will be sometime around January ... 2008.