---
layout: posts
title:  "Back from Hawaii at last"
date:   2005-06-04 20:00:00
author: "Wheeldle"
avatar: "wheedle_calm"
---
well, i have some bad news. i have left the island of maui and returned to what people are calling &quot;the real world.&quot; i dont understand what is so real about it, to be honest. most people just go to jobs that they hate, sit in traffic forever, and end up at home later than they want and dont have time to partake in their hobbies and things that they enjoy. sounds to me that people are kidding themselves. shouldnt the real world be where you are happy and everyday you wake up is a day you cant wait to live? thats what i think.

 dont get me wrong, i am thrilled to see all my monkey friends (and even my nonmonkey friends) back on the east side. why cant there just be some beautiful black sand out our back doors, though? and how about some clear blue water and ... just for kicks ... a volcano on either side of the house. that would be swell.

 meanwhile, ive been putting many miles on the ole hyndai (which will heretofore be referred as my cadillac because it is upper class to me compared to what i just left) going to the triangle area and back, to the triangle area and back again, to charleston and back, and soon to come another trip to the triangle and back and then practically to tenessee and back! she'll need some tlc soon.

 lastly - im finally learning to drive a stick shift. and i SUCK at it! that's putting it nicely. i've nearly given my mother a heart attack because, lets face it, her mercedes is a tad higher on the car social ladder than my caddy. i need to get down and dirty with first gear because she don't like me.

 in true hawaiian fashion: alooooooooooooooha!