---
layout: post
title:  "Hello from Pittsburgh"
date:   2006-07-15 20:00:00
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---
Hello everyone! It's good to see you all again. And by that I mean, it's too bad that I am in Pittsburgh instead of Brad's pool party. But, if I weren't in PA, I'd be in SC, so sorry Brad, but it just wasn't meant to be. I flew in (my first commercial flight, yay!) here Friday afternoon to do some testing for work. It hasn't been very hard work, only 5 hours a day, but it has been hot and dirty. No, I'm not secretly a porn star. We've been collecting samples of mercury emissions from a power plant. The place we're at has a 1000 ft smoke stack, but we are sampling from 300 feet. I hope we can go to the top to get some good pictures, but the guy who runs the place is hesitant to let us go that far up because the elevator is 24 years old and often breaks down. If it were to break down while we were up there, we'd have to lower all of our heavy equipment down by rope, and then climb down the ladder! Nevertheless, we do have some pretty good pictures from 300 ft that I'll try to remember to put up. I must say that Pennsylvania has some beautiful countryside, and Pittsburgh is not bad looking either. I have to tell you a funny story from this little trip... There is a small pizza joint here in town (town is a small place outside of Pitt where we are staying) that we have been visiting quite frequently. The food is cheap and they have a bar serving equally cheap beer. Saturday night was dollar domestics! They were only 10oz, but $1 on a weekend is pretty good. Anyway, this cute girl who was our waitress before we moved over to the bar came up and told us about the deal. When my boss asked for a Yuengling, she replied &quot;Yuengling isn't domestic&quot;. We tried to tell her that we were pretty confident that it was, but she insisted on asking the bartender, who proceeded to laugh at her and at the same time seemed like he wanted to smack her with the spine of the Pittsburgh phone book. For those of you who don't know, Yuengling is brewed in PA just north of Philly. Anyway, thats my story and now I will go to bed because I got up to work at 6:45 this morning after a decent night of drinking (this has been the way of life for the past few days) and I have to do both again tommorow.