---
layout: posts
title:  "Look, I can doodle"
date:   2006-01-28 19:00:00
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
It's getting close to my bedtime, so I'll try to make this quick.

 The recent Halo party was some good times. Of course we forgot to take pictures, but at least we have some record of what went down. [Take a look for yourself](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.DownloadItem&g2_itemId=1303&g2_serialNumber=2). Needless to say, we drank a lot of beer.

 I've actually been doing a little bit of modeling and texture work at work, but I don't have the time to organize it such that it would make a presentable screenshot. Textures don't really make for interesting pictures to fill a gallery with, if you know what I mean. However, I did play around with a few things at home that I can show screenshots of. Check these out:


* [Fire](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=1308)
* [Icy mist](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=1310)
* [Solar Glow](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=1312)
* [Dark Matter](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=1314)

Unfortunately, these don't look like much on their own in screenshots. These are effects I made to try out with the level editor I'm working on at work. In order to see them in their full glory, you really need to see them animated and against a more interesting background but that is not really possible to just throw up in the gallery. Oh well, I do what I can.

 Also, I sat down at the tablet today and did some doodling. I wanted to create a simplistic and generic bipedal character that I could model and animate for use at work. Obviously I didn't get to the modeling part, but at least I have some fun doodles to show for it. [Check it out](gallery2/main.php?g2_view=core.ShowItem&g2_itemId=1316). My favorite part is the mischevious devil head at the top.

 I also went through and rearranged some of the galleries today. I hadn't realized that we still had a bunch of pictures laying around that were only in the old galleries and hadn't been added to the new system yet, so I took it upon myself to set them up. Also, the paintbrush link at the top of the page now finally links to the art gallery instead of the gallery root directory. If you've got a little free time, why don't you poke around and see if you find anything interesting?

 On one final note, I'm sorry I don't make updates with pictures and stuff more often. I really would like to see the site being more active like it used to. I would at least like to see myself write more stuff just for the purpose of archiving what is going on in my life. In order to fulfill the latter desire and to give a lame excuse for the infrequency of my updates, I'd like to point out that I'm very very busy at work these days. Most of the time, my workplace is able to avoid the stereotypical work hours you hear about from the game industry, but lately, I haven't been so lucky. The hours are really starting to add up, and I'm going in on weekends pretty frequently. It probably won't let up for another two months or so either.

 On the bright side, I am able to fit in a few games every once in a while. I played Mutant Storm Reloaded one day and got a score in single player adventure mode that ranked me at 91 in the world! I've already dropped to 121 by now, but still, I'm pretty proud of that.

 Here is your random link of the day: the beautiful [Portfolio of Art Director and Matte Painter Raphael Lacoste](http://www.raphael-lacoste.com/acceuil.html).
