---
layout: posts
title:  "Daly Homes Inc"
date:   2009-08-11 23:51:32
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
My dad turned 50 last Wednesday. In the weeks leading up to his birthday I couldn't think of anything to get him because he's the sort of guy that gets whatever he wants for himself. I decided to use my skills to create something for him what probably not many people have - his own video game. The game approximates my dad's career as a general contractor.

I worked on the project a total of 29 hours over the course of 8 days. Unfortunately, this was a week where I also had to work a bit of overtime in the office, so it was a tight squeeze getting it done in time. In any case, it's done now. I've added a new games page where you can read about it, see screenshots, download the game, etc: [Daly Homes Inc](/games/daly-homes-inc.html).

!(images/games/dalyhomesinc/dalyhomesinc500.png)
_It's a construction game_




Tragically, there were a few things that got cut due to time that would have made the game much easier to play. Particularly, a 'how to play' screen that describes the goal. Well, you'll just have to read the game's page and figure it out for yourself. If anyone ends up playing it and has any feedback, I'd love to hear it; you can post a comment.

Now that this project has wrapped up, I get the exciting task of deciding what to work on next: so many choices!

### In other news

I finally found something to spend some of my Amazon gift card on. If you are a fellow that likes video games, and likes pretty pictures, you may also be interested in the [Street Fighter Tribute](http://www.amazon.com/Street-Fighter-Tribute-UDON/dp/1897376987) art book.

Later
