---
layout: post
title:  "New Job!"
date:   2011-09-27 22:04:48
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---
It has been a very long time since I made a news post on this website. Over 3 years! It's been so long that I had to look up apache configuration to figure out what url I needed to go to so I could make the update. Ouch!

Fortunately, Mike has kept up with things much better and has showed off some really cool stuff in the area of his profession. I just sat there and stared at a spinning rectangular sphere for like 3 minutes.

Anyway, I wanted to share with you all that next week I'll be starting a new job! It is actually two jobs, but I'll be working about half of a normal day at each position on average. I wasn't really looking for a new job, but an opportunity came up and I didn't want to regret missing out. Tough decision, but it's done.

So, the first job is with my academic advisor from NC State. He's working on a research project funded by the National Science Foundation. I don't have a lot of details to share, so I'll wait until things develop to say more. I will be working out of the very building where I took many classes, at Poe Hall. I am prepared to feel old.

The other job is working at a small company I've done work for in the past called "WhiteBox Learning":http://www.whiteboxlearning.com/. They make web-based 3D modeling software to be used in the classroom to simulate some more hands-on activities you may remember from middle or high school: C0[~2~] Dragster cars and Popsicle stick bridge design. The idea is to give students a chance to design these on the computer and see the physics behind a faster car or stronger bridge, and to give them the opportunity to make as many test runs on the computer as they need before building the real thing.

The work I've done for them in the past has all been related to content delivery, mainly from the teacher's perspective, but also the front-facing website, online sales, and site administration. Now that I'm more full time I'll also get to learn the Unity3D engine and help out with some of the 3D simulations, which I'm really excited about. Maybe I'll need to read up on Mike's past articles!

Anyway, that's the deal. Hopefully it was a good move.

Also, if any of you have not found out by now, Amanda and I got a puppy. He is a Golden Retriever named Charlie and he is a ton of fun. I go to bed and get up earlier than I ever thought I would, but he's been awesome to have around. I have pictures on my Picasa Web Album, but I will try to get some uploaded here soon.
