---
layout: posts
title:  "Big News... Again!"
date:   2012-02-11 23:27:23
author: "Jody"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---
Hello all, you may have already read this on that other website people go to all the time that for some reason took off faster than DM.com, but I wanted to reach out to all the loyal monkey followers and say that I am now engaged to Miss Amanda Druck!

We have spent the weekend in Charleston, SC to celebrate and it's been a lot of fun. We haven't had much time to think about when or where we want to have the wedding, but I'm sure all of that will get sorted out soon enough. Everything below is just details, you have read the big news.

h4. The Proposal

I had this one planned out for some time, and it was very difficult to avoid slipping up. She gets up in the mornings around 6:30 to let the dog out back. I was going to have the ring hidden in a place that she would normally look in the morning, but of course she did not look there this particular morning. While she was not looking I moved it into a more obvious place, but she missed it again. I moved it out a little more and she finally saw it. When she opened it I dropped to one knee and asked her to marry me, and of course she said yes. It was definitely a surprise. I had pre-arranged for her to have the last two days of the week off of work, so we left for Charleston after packing way too many clothes.

As much as I like the power of technology, it was a real pain in the butt. Amanda and I like to use Google Latitude to keep up with each other in case we are traveling alone or are out later than expected. I had to disable Latitude and pretend it was broken to make sure that she did not see me going to Durham for numerous trips to the jeweler. I needed to make sure she didn't see me going to visit her Mom or her Dad. In fact, the evening I went to see her dad I told her I was going to shoot pool with some buddies, instead of renting a girlie movie she decided, of course, to go visit her Dad. I tried going early, but no one was home, so I had to go again the next week. At least I got to shoot pool after all!

Now that the cat is out of the bag, it was all funny and a lot of fun to plan out and fortunately it all played out very well. We are both very happy!
