---
layout: posts
title:  "Render Plan"
date:   2014-12-17 15:44:45
author: "Mike Daly"
avatar: "willow_calm2"
---
So in my last update I mentioned that one of the hobby projects I worked on was called Render Plan, and it was a program for testing out data-driven rendering pipeline. I got the urge to try out some new techniques (new to me, at least) so I dusted it off and put some new features in. More specifically, I added some more complicated particle simulation modules, implemented some new compositing full screen shaders, added time controle and the ability to open files, and combined all of those things to make a new effect.

As before, I was underwhelmed by the results. It didn't end up looking nearly as cool as I had hoped. Oh well, it was still fun to work on and I learned some new stuff. Also, I'm going to do something I neglected to do before and actually post a [download link](/downloads/tools/renderplan_141201.zip).

!(filespace/mike/renderplan_10.png)
_Screenshot of the new effect for those who don't want to hassle with downloading stuff_

Also, I don't think I ever posted a link to the Image Formula hobby project that I also mentioned in my last update. While uploading today's package, I saw that it was already on the server, so why not? You can download it [with this link](/downloads/tools/imageformula_130925.zip).

There's still a ton of stuff that is interesting to work on hobby-wise, though it's getting harder and harder to find time for it as work is really picking up the pace. Hopefully it won't be too long before I can post something else new.