---
layout: posts
title:  "Website Updates - now with more Jekyll!"
date:   2015-07-29 14:26:00
author: "Jody Mickey"
avatar: "wayne_happy"
---

Our website has gone through a few different layouts over its nearly 13 year lifespan, and now despite
having hardly tipped the "visits" column in some time, we're doing it once again.  This time we decided
to keep it pretty simple and borrow from the trusted (and perhaps boring) default Bootstrap layout, but
of course we have kept our distinguishing blue and gray color scheme.  I actually considered lightening
up the page a bit and only using the blue sparingly, but Mike quickly pointed out that was no good.

Since the message board rarely got any posts, it's time to retire that feature.  Technically the last
post was in October 2014, but that was just me testing when I had to move the site to a new server.  The
actual last post was almost three years ago and consisted of the text: "awwrrararra", a tribute by Sam.
The last "meaningful" post (sorry Sam) was a year before that; so... you understand why it's gone.

Also gone is the "Cooking" section.  We may actually keep the recipes posted here in some kind of archive
section, but like the message board, these haven't been updated in ages and let's be honest: this cookbook
is mostly filled with ideas from two guys whose fridge was normally filled with beer and expired condiments.

Important sections that are still there: Games and Gallery.  I actually do not upload many pictures to the
internet these days, but Mike does, and obviously the Games section is where most of the updates happen
anymore, so that one is a must.  The good thing about these two sections vs. the aforementioned retired
sections is that they are fairly static, so there is no need to have a database or even PHP running to
serve these pages!  For this reason, the site is now generated by "Jekyll":http://www.jekyllrb.com.

There are some things I like about Jekyll (simple to add news posts and similar to how we were already
handling games entries) and some things I do not like as much (the gallery).  The things I do not like are
mostly related to me not being as experienced with Ruby, so I will take the blame here.  In any case,
this is still an experiment so hopefully it will be fine, but if Mike hates it, I expect to hear about it
(and he should expect me to push back from having to come up with something else ;-)

Alright, well, that's the news update about the site.  I will also give you something that usually comes from
Mike: a game!  Actually two games, but they are both very simple, classic games you've already played.
The good news is that you don't have to install anything to play them, just a web browser that is not
Internet Explorer 9 or worse.  Sorry, browser coverage was not high on the priority list for these.

I give you: "Memory Game":http://jwmickey.github.io/memory-game and
"Picture Puzzle":http://jwmickey.github.io/picture-puzzle.

The games are about as fun as the titles, but a decent way to pass time if you're waiting at the airport,
on your spouse, on the can, etc.  I may add these to the games page later but for now, please enjoy the links above.

Thanks for reading!
Jody


