---
title:  "Chicken Parmesan"
author: "Jody"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "Italian"
---
h3. Ingredients

* Chicken breasts, skinless, boneless
* Pasta: spaghetti, angle hair, or whatever
* Spaghetti sauce, or this (I'll send you my sauce recipe soon)
* Eggs (2 eggs is enough for 3 chicken breasts)
* Bread crumbs (Can buy with Italian seasoning already in it for simplicity)
* Seasoning: stuff like oregano, thyme, marjoram, parsley
* Parmesan cheese
* Shredded mozzarella

h3. Directions

*Pasta:*

# Follow the directions for the pasta you have chosen.
# When cooked put into a pan (size dependent on how much you cooked) and add the sauce. You can stir the sauce into the pasta if desired.

*Chicken:*

# Preheat oven to 400 deg F.
# Beat eggs in one bowl.
# Mix bread crumbs with seasonings (if you didn't get the Italian bread crumbs) and some Parmesan cheese in a second bowl.
# Wash chicken and pat dry.
# Dip chicken in the eggs then in the bread crumbs. Make sure to cover it completely. Place on a baking sheet.
# Place chicken in the preheated oven and cook for 20 min.
# When the chicken is done take it out of the oven and place them on top of the pasta (which is now in the pan with the sauce).
# Sprinkle entire dish with mozzarella cheese.
# Put back into the oven for 5 min, or until the cheese has melted.
# Serve with Parmesan cheese.

h3. Comments

A fairly easy dish, but it can be messy in terms of cleanup required. It takes about 40 min to prepare if you manage to juggle the pasta, chicken, and sauce correctly.

 A trick to bring out the flavor of the spices is to grind what you're going to use between your hands when putting it into whatever.