---
title:  "Country Style Chicken"
author: "Jody"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients

* 3 slices bacon
* 1 or 1 1/2 cups rice (depending on how much you like rice)
* 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
* 2 cans cream of chicken soup
* 1 clove garlic
* 1 medium onion, sliced

h3. Directions

*Bacon*

# Most of the time I broil or fry bacon, but for this recipe I suggest using the microwave. It's quick and easy, unlike the rest of this meal.
# Either way you decide to cook it, make sure you can keep the grease that comes off for later (sounds gross, but trust me)
# When the bacon is done, crumble it in to small pieces and set aside

*Rice*

# There are several ways to cook rice. We use a rice cooker, which takes longer but we think is better. If you use a rice cooker, you'll want to start it after the bacon is done so it will be done in time. Just keep it warm if it finishes early
# If you use the microwave or stove, follow the directions on the rice. It will take about 20 - 25 minutes, so you should start it after the chicken is browned.

*Chicken*

# In a medium or large frying pan, use the bacon grease to brown the chicken (medium-high heat) on all sides (takes about 15-20 minutes)
# After the chicken is browned, get rid of that nasty bacon grease. Just spoon it out and dispose
# Now add the soup and garlic. You can either grind the garlic up somehow or just break it into as small of pieces as you want.
# *Cover* and cook for about 15 - 20 minutes, stirring occasionaly
# Uncover and add sliced onion. Cook for another 15 - 20 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink, stirring occasionaly

In a medium casserole dish (or whatever you have available), spread the rice evenly and then add everything in the pan. Top with bacon and serve.

h3. Comments

This is my grandmother's recipe, I really like it. If she cooks it the goodness factor is a 5, but I have only prepared it once so its a 4 at my house. The dish is meant to serve as many people as there are pieces of chicken, so you can adjust accordingly. Willow and myself nearly finished 1 1/2 cups of rice with 5 (relatively smaller) pieces of chicken, but we were really really stuffed, so I don't reccomend doing it. Hope you like it, "let us know":mailto:comments@duelingmonkeys.com of any suggestions you have.