---
title:  "French Toast"
author: "Wesley"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients

* Bread
* Eggs
* Milk
* Sugar
* Vanilla Extract (Optional)
* Cinnamon Powder (Optional)

h3. Directions

Much of making french toast is based on how you like it. If you like it sweet, add more sugar. If you like vanilla, add a little more (NOTE: only a little more unless you know what you're doing!). Cinnamon is optional. Some people like to add it into the egg mix, others shake it on after it's cooked. Some even go without it.. how barbaric!

* Start heating your skillet. You want a good medium heat. (I use an eletric skillet at 325 deg.)
* Crack one egg for every two slices of toast you want into the bowl (4 toast? 2 eggs then..)
* Add about 3/4 of a spoonful (not heaping!) of sugar for every 2 eggs into the bowl
* Add a dollop or two of milk, more if you used more eggs. It's only there to make the mixture fluffier, so don't get carried away.
* Add approximatly /12 a spoonful of vanilla extract for every two eggs. Seriously, don't use much.
* Add cinnamon for flavor.
* Mix until you're tired of mixing!

Repeat these for each slice of bread (duh!):

* Take one slice of bread and drop it into the mixture.
* Quickly turn the bread over in the mixture.
* Take the bread out and place it in the sillet.
* Turn it over when you see that the egg around the bottom edge of the toast is cooked (longer if you like it darker).
* Cook the other side until you think it's done. Flip it to check if you're not sure.

h3. Comments

The best way to get these right is to experiment. Remember that you don't want to use much vanilla. It tends to be very overpowering if you use too much. The larger the batch, the easier it is to make. If you want, you can refrigerate leftovers and they're even great cold.

 Just as a side note.. sorry for the lack of exact measurments! I haven't used any for a long time on this recipe, but what I've given will be good.