---
title:  "Frozen Veggies"
author: "Mike Daly"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Side Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients


h3. Directions


h3. Comments

Frozen vegetables kick canned vegetables in the pants. For only about 79 cents more, its totally worth it. We like the stuff from Green Giant. Here is a big list of their varieties:


* Broccoli Spears &amp; Butter Sauce
* Broccoli &amp; Cheese Sauce
* Broccoli, Cauliflower, Carrots &amp; Cheese Sauce
* Baby Brussels Sprouts &amp; Butter Sauce
* Candied Sweet Potatoes
* Cauliflower &amp; Cheese Sauce
* Cream Style Corn
* Creamed Spinach
* Green Bean Casserole
* Honey Glazed Carrots
* LeSueur速 Peas &amp; Butter Sauce
* Baby Lima Beans &amp; Butter
* Niblets速 Corn &amp; Butter Sauce
* Roasted Potatoes with Broccoli &amp; Cheese Sauce
* Roasted Potatoes with Garlic &amp; Herbs
* Shoepeg White Corn &amp; Butter Sauce
* Southwestern Style Corn &amp; Roasted Red Peppers
* Cut Leaf Spinach &amp; Butter Sauce
* Teriyaki Vegetables
* Alfredo Vegetables
* Cheesy Rice &amp; Broccoli
* Oriental Rice
* Rice Medley
* Rice Pilaf
* White and Wild Rice
* Roasted Garlic Pasta
* Three Cheese Pasta
* Alfredo Pasta
* Primavera Pasta
* Asparagus
* Baby Lima Beans
* Broccoli Cuts
* Broccoli Spears
* Spinach
* Green Bean &amp; Almonds
* LeSueur速 Peas
* Niblets速 Corn
* Shoepeg White Corn
* Sugar Snap Peas
* Sweet Peas &amp; Pearl Onions

Thats a lot of stuff! We've only tried about a dozen different kinds, but have been very satisfied by all but one or two, and thats because we (or at least me) don't like cauliflower too much.

 Frozen Veggies make an easy side to any meal. Go get some!
