---
title:  "Mandarin Chicken"
author: "Jody"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients

* 4 Boneless Skinless Chicken Breasts
* 1/4 cup flour
* 2 tablespoons olive oil
* 2 tablespoons butter
* 1/3 cup orange juice
* 1/3 cup hoisin sauce (soy sauce can be used as a replacement
* 11 oz. can mandarin oranges (drained)
* 1 tablespoon onion

h3. Directions

# Coat chicken in flour
# Heat olive oil and butter in skillet over medium-high heat
# Add chicken to skillet and cook until meat is white all the way through
# Remove chicken and set aside
# Add orange juice, hoisin/soy sauce, and onion
# Scrape up browned bits from pan and stir
# Add chicken back to the skillet and cook everything for another 5 minutes

h3. Comments

We got a bag of frozen chicken and needed a less boring way to cook it than just grilling it and adding our favorite sauce. (The bags are cheaper too, which is why this recipe only costs 6 bucks). I found a mandarin chicken recipe and modified it somewhat mainly because I didn't have hoisin sauce or cashews. You are supposed to use hoisin sauce for a little spice and add cashews with the onion and orange juice.

 We gave this one a 3 on the goodness factor because it is hard to say that everyone will like it. I wanted to give preparation a 4 because it was so easy to make (in only 20 minutes) but because I had to mess with flour and chop up some onion it got a 3. Maybe we should introduce the 1/2 mark to our ratings.

 Let us know if you like/dislike this one or if you have any suggestions on how to make it better. Enjoy!