---
title:  "Pork Chops"
author: "Mike Daly"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients

Ingredients for dinner for 2.


* 4 pork chops
* McCormick GrillMates seasoning

h3. Directions

season generously with seasoning (we use montreal steak flavor) and some salt and peper on both sides and grill.
h3. Comments

This is about the easiest entre I can think of that you actually prepare. I'm almost tempted to put it in the "don't forget":/"cooking.php?view=other/" section.

 The trick to having good pork chops is being careful not to overcook them. A lot of time pork chops seem dry and tough, but if you don't let them cook too much, just enough to where the meat is not clear anymore, pork chops are awesome. When you take them off the grill, if they seem to be letting off a bunch of water, that means they are still moist, which is very good.

 Seasoning is the second most important thing to get pork chops right. By themselves, they are not spectacular, but good seasoning amplifies the food greatly. Wayne and I use McCormick's grill mates Montreal Steak seasoning as well as salt and pepper. If you don't have a good steak seasoning like this, get one. They are good for all kinds of meat, particularly mixing them in with hamburger, not to mention steak.

 Pork chops are pretty lean assuming you cut the layer of fat off around the border. I like to leave it on because it tastes so good, but I don't imagine everyone will. Additionally, we needed something healthy on our list, so I am assuming you will fix them the most healthy manner.

 Goes good with:
 "Waffle fries":/"cooking.php?view=specific&item=7/"
 "Five cup salad":/"cooking.php?view=specific&item=11/"
 "Vegetables":/"cooking.php?view=specific&item=13/"