---
title:  "Tuna Melts!"
author: "Wesley"
cook_time: ""
prep_time: ""
cleanup_time: ""
course: "Main Dishes"
categories: 
  - "American"
---
h3. Ingredients

* 4 cans of Tuna
* 2 eggs (hard boiled, chop small, no yolk)
* 1/2 an onion (chopped small)
* Mayo (or miracle whip, you pansy)
* chedder cheese (small cubes)
* buns (the bread kind)
* sliced american cheese
* celery (chopped small)&#42;
* relish (two spoonfulls)&#42;
*

 &#42;_optional_

h3. Directions

first you put the tuna in a bowl (after draining all of the fluid out, be sure to drain it well). next add your chopped onion, eggwhite, cubes of chedder, etc. mix that all together a bit, and then add the mayo. i have never actually measured the mayo, so just add a couple spoonfuls and taste it. when it taste good, its done.

 next we (and by that i mean _you_) are going to spoon generous portions of the tuna salad onto the buns and cover with a slice of american cheese. place the buns on a baking sheet (put the tops next to the bottoms so that the heat melts the cheese and the tops get kind of toasty) and bake at 350 degrees for a few min (3 or 4?) until they look done!

 _this is the end of this portion of the test. please proceed to the nest section._

h3. Comments

ok, if you can't get this right you had better just eat at mcdonalds for the rest of your life. and a short life it would be. you can actually just eat this by itself, or have it cold on sliced bread. any leftovers you can just keep in the fridge and eat anytime. makes for a quick easy lunch.